demo/README.md, before:

# 🚀 EEDT: Quantum-Inspired Noise Suppression Demo

![Demo Preview](demo.png)

**EEDT (Entanglement-Enhanced Dynamic Transmission)** is a noise suppression algorithm inspired by Quantum Error Correction logic.
This demo visualizes how EEDT extracts "true signal" from noisy input—using mouse jitter as an intuitive analogy for quantum decoherence.

## ✨ Key Features

* **Quantum-Inspired Filtering**: Treats input noise as "Decoherence" and recovers the true signal like a logical qubit.
* **4D State Estimation**: Uses a $[x, v_x, y, v_y]$ physical model to predict intended trajectory.
* **Adaptive Noise Rejection**:
    * **High Measurement Noise ($R=100$)**: Ignores 99% of random fluctuations.
    * **Low Process Noise ($Q=0.001$)**: Assumes smooth, physics-based motion.
* **Predictive Compensation**: An 80ms lookahead algorithm cancels system latency.
* **Educational Value**: Demonstrates quantum error correction principles without quantum hardware.

## 📦 How to Run

1. Install Python (No extra heavy libraries needed, just standard `tkinter` and `numpy`).
2. Run the script:

```bash
python eedt_final.py
```

## 🎮 Controls

* **Left Click & Drag**: Draw lines (Noise Suppression Active).
* **Right Click**: Reset canvas and filter state.
* **Visual Feedback**:
   * 🔴 **Red Line**: Noisy Input (Raw sensor data with random fluctuations)
   * 🟢 **Green Line**: EEDT Output (Recovered true signal)
   * 🔵 **Cyan Line**: Fast Response Mode (Auto-activated during rapid changes)

---

## 🇯🇵 日本語解説 (Japanese Description)

**EEDT (Entanglement-Enhanced Dynamic Transmission)** は、量子誤り訂正のロジックを応用した、**ノイズ除去アルゴリズムのデモンストレーション**です。
本プログラムは、マウス操作の揺らぎ（ノイズ）を除去することで、量子ゲート制御における「デコヒーレンス抑制」の原理を視覚的に体験できます。

### ✨ 主な特徴

* **量子発想のフィルタリング**: 入力ノイズを「量子デコヒーレンス（波の乱れ）」と見なし、真の信号を復元します。
* **4次元状態推定**: $[x, v_x, y, v_y]$ の物理モデルを用い、意図した軌跡を予測します。
* **適応型ノイズ除去**:
    * **強力な測定ノイズ除去 ($R=100$)**: ランダムな揺らぎを99%カット。
    * **物理法則への最適化 ($Q=0.001$)**: 滑らかな動きを仮定し、過剰反応を抑制。
* **予測補償**: 80ms先の未来位置を先読みして、システム遅延を相殺。
* **教育的価値**: 量子ハードウェアなしで、量子誤り訂正の原理を体験できます。

### 📦 実行方法

1. Pythonをインストールしてください（追加の重いライブラリは不要。標準の `tkinter` と `numpy` だけで動きます）。
2. スクリプトを実行します:

```bash
python eedt_final.py
```

### 🎮 操作方法

* **左クリック ＆ ドラッグ**: 線を描く（ノイズ除去が作動します）。
* **右クリック**: 画面とフィルタ状態をリセット。
* **画面の見方**:
   * 🔴 **赤線**: ノイズを含む生データ（センサーからのランダムな揺らぎ）
   * 🟢 **緑線**: EEDT補正後（復元された真の信号）
   * 🔵 **水色線**: 高速応答モード（急激な変化時に自動発動）

---

## 🔬 Technical Details

### Algorithm Overview

The EEDT Silky Edition implements a **4-dimensional Extended Kalman Filter** with the following state vector:

$$
\mathbf{x} = \begin{bmatrix} x \\ v_x \\ y \\ v_y \end{bmatrix}
$$

Where:
- $x, y$: Position coordinates
- $v_x, v_y$: Velocity components

### State Transition Model

The system follows a **constant velocity motion model**:

$$
\mathbf{x}_{k+1} = \mathbf{F} \mathbf{x}_k + \mathbf{w}_k
$$

$$
\mathbf{F} = \begin{bmatrix} 
1 & \Delta t & 0 & 0 \\
0 & 1 & 0 & 0 \\
0 & 0 & 1 & \Delta t \\
0 & 0 & 0 & 1
\end{bmatrix}
$$

### Noise Parameters (Silky Tuning)

| Parameter | Value | Purpose |
|-----------|-------|---------|
| **R** (Measurement Noise) | 100 | Strong tremor rejection |
| **Q** (Process Noise) | 0.001 | Ultra-smooth prediction |
| **Lookahead Time** | 80ms | Latency cancellation |

### Adaptive Tuning

The filter dynamically adjusts process noise based on prediction error:

$$
Q_{\text{adaptive}} = 0.001 + \min\left(\epsilon^2 \times 0.2, 80.0\right)
$$

Where $\epsilon$ is the innovation (prediction error norm).

---

## 🎯 Applications

This algorithm demonstrates principles applicable to:

- ⚛️ **Quantum Error Correction**: Phase drift tracking in NISQ devices
- 📡 **Signal Processing**: Extracting true signal from noisy measurements
- 🎨 **Digital Art Tools**: Clean stroke generation from jittery input
- 🤖 **Robotics**: Sensor fusion and motion prediction
- 🏥 **Medical Devices**: Tremor compensation in surgical instruments

**Core Insight**: Whether it's quantum decoherence or mouse jitter, the mathematics of noise suppression remains universal.

---

## 📊 Performance

| Metric | Raw Input | EEDT Filtered |
|--------|-----------|---------------|
| Signal-to-Noise Ratio | Baseline | **+12dB** |
| RMS Error | 3.2 px | **0.8 px** (-75%) |
| Peak Deviation | 8.1 px | **2.3 px** (-72%) |
| Latency | 60ms | **~0ms** (compensated) |
| Update Rate | 60 FPS | **60 FPS** |

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
EEDT-Mouse-Stabilizer/
├── README.md              # This file
├── eedt_final.py          # Silky Edition (Production)
├── demo.png               # Screenshot
└── LICENSE                # MIT License
```

---

## 🛠️ Requirements

- Python 3.7+
- `numpy`
- `tkinter` (included in standard Python)

**No heavy dependencies required!**

---

## 📄 License

MIT License - Feel free to use this in your projects!

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

This demo visualizes how **quantum error correction principles** work in an intuitive, interactive format.
The same mathematical framework used to recover quantum states from noisy measurements is here applied to mouse input.

**Key Insight**: Decoherence in quantum systems and jitter in classical sensors are mathematically identical problems—both require estimating "true state" from "corrupted observations."

Related quantum project: [EEDT-Quantum-Stabilizer](https://github.com/okudat9/EEDT-Quantum-Stabilizer)

---

## 📮 Contact

**Created by 093 - 2026**

For questions, suggestions, or collaboration:
- GitHub Issues: [https://github.com/okudat9/EEDT-Quantum-Stabilizer]
- Email: [o93dice@gmail.com]

---

## 🌟 Star This Repo!

If you find this useful, please give it a ⭐ on GitHub!

---

**EEDT**: Quantum Logic for Classical Noise 🚀

*Proof of Concept: The same math that protects qubits can smooth your mouse.*

Commit message:

Clarify that the demo is a classical simulation
Added notes clarifying that the program is a classical simulation using EKF and not actual quantum hardware.

demo/README.md, after:

> **⚠️ Note: This is a Classical Simulation**
> This program runs on a classical CPU using an Extended Kalman Filter (EKF).
> It does NOT use actual quantum hardware.
> Its purpose is to **visualize** the concept of EEDT's noise suppression logic using a familiar analogy (mouse jitter).
>
> **注意：これは古典シミュレーションです**
> 本プログラムは、古典CPU上で拡張カルマンフィルタ(EKF)を用いて動作します。
> 実際の量子ハードウェアは使用していません。
> EEDT理論が目指す「ノイズ除去」の挙動を、マウスの手ブレという分かりやすい事象に置き換えて**可視化**するためのデモです。

# 🚀 EEDT: Quantum-Inspired Noise Suppression Demo

![Demo Preview](demo.png)

**EEDT (Entanglement-Enhanced Dynamic Transmission)** is a noise suppression algorithm inspired by Quantum Error Correction logic.
This demo visualizes how EEDT extracts "true signal" from noisy input—using mouse jitter as an intuitive analogy for quantum decoherence.

## ✨ Key Features

* **Quantum-Inspired Filtering**: Treats input noise as "Decoherence" and recovers the true signal like a logical qubit.
* **4D State Estimation**: Uses a $[x, v_x, y, v_y]$ physical model to predict intended trajectory.
* **Adaptive Noise Rejection**:
    * **High Measurement Noise ($R=100$)**: Ignores 99% of random fluctuations.
    * **Low Process Noise ($Q=0.001$)**: Assumes smooth, physics-based motion.
* **Predictive Compensation**: An 80ms lookahead algorithm cancels system latency.
* **Educational Value**: Demonstrates quantum error correction principles without quantum hardware.

## 📦 How to Run

1. Install Python (No extra heavy libraries needed, just standard `tkinter` and `numpy`).
2. Run the script:

```bash
python eedt_final.py
```

## 🎮 Controls

* **Left Click & Drag**: Draw lines (Noise Suppression Active).
* **Right Click**: Reset canvas and filter state.
* **Visual Feedback**:
   * 🔴 **Red Line**: Noisy Input (Raw sensor data with random fluctuations)
   * 🟢 **Green Line**: EEDT Output (Recovered true signal)
   * 🔵 **Cyan Line**: Fast Response Mode (Auto-activated during rapid changes)

---

## 🇯🇵 日本語解説 (Japanese Description)

**EEDT (Entanglement-Enhanced Dynamic Transmission)** は、量子誤り訂正のロジックを応用した、**ノイズ除去アルゴリズムのデモンストレーション**です。
本プログラムは、マウス操作の揺らぎ（ノイズ）を除去することで、量子ゲート制御における「デコヒーレンス抑制」の原理を視覚的に体験できます。

### ✨ 主な特徴

* **量子発想のフィルタリング**: 入力ノイズを「量子デコヒーレンス（波の乱れ）」と見なし、真の信号を復元します。
* **4次元状態推定**: $[x, v_x, y, v_y]$ の物理モデルを用い、意図した軌跡を予測します。
* **適応型ノイズ除去**:
    * **強力な測定ノイズ除去 ($R=100$)**: ランダムな揺らぎを99%カット。
    * **物理法則への最適化 ($Q=0.001$)**: 滑らかな動きを仮定し、過剰反応を抑制。
* **予測補償**: 80ms先の未来位置を先読みして、システム遅延を相殺。
* **教育的価値**: 量子ハードウェアなしで、量子誤り訂正の原理を体験できます。

### 📦 実行方法

1. Pythonをインストールしてください（追加の重いライブラリは不要。標準の `tkinter` と `numpy` だけで動きます）。
2. スクリプトを実行します:

```bash
python eedt_final.py
```

### 🎮 操作方法

* **左クリック ＆ ドラッグ**: 線を描く（ノイズ除去が作動します）。
* **右クリック**: 画面とフィルタ状態をリセット。
* **画面の見方**:
   * 🔴 **赤線**: ノイズを含む生データ（センサーからのランダムな揺らぎ）
   * 🟢 **緑線**: EEDT補正後（復元された真の信号）
   * 🔵 **水色線**: 高速応答モード（急激な変化時に自動発動）

---

## 🔬 Technical Details

### Algorithm Overview

The EEDT Silky Edition implements a **4-dimensional Extended Kalman Filter** with the following state vector:

$$
\mathbf{x} = \begin{bmatrix} x \\ v_x \\ y \\ v_y \end{bmatrix}
$$

Where:
- $x, y$: Position coordinates
- $v_x, v_y$: Velocity components

### State Transition Model

The system follows a **constant velocity motion model**:

$$
\mathbf{x}_{k+1} = \mathbf{F} \mathbf{x}_k + \mathbf{w}_k
$$

$$
\mathbf{F} = \begin{bmatrix} 
1 & \Delta t & 0 & 0 \\
0 & 1 & 0 & 0 \\
0 & 0 & 1 & \Delta t \\
0 & 0 & 0 & 1
\end{bmatrix}
$$

### Noise Parameters (Silky Tuning)

| Parameter | Value | Purpose |
|-----------|-------|---------|
| **R** (Measurement Noise) | 100 | Strong tremor rejection |
| **Q** (Process Noise) | 0.001 | Ultra-smooth prediction |
| **Lookahead Time** | 80ms | Latency cancellation |

### Adaptive Tuning

The filter dynamically adjusts process noise based on prediction error:

$$
Q_{\text{adaptive}} = 0.001 + \min\left(\epsilon^2 \times 0.2, 80.0\right)
$$

Where $\epsilon$ is the innovation (prediction error norm).

---

## 🎯 Applications

This algorithm demonstrates principles applicable to:

- ⚛️ **Quantum Error Correction**: Phase drift tracking in NISQ devices
- 📡 **Signal Processing**: Extracting true signal from noisy measurements
- 🎨 **Digital Art Tools**: Clean stroke generation from jittery input
- 🤖 **Robotics**: Sensor fusion and motion prediction
- 🏥 **Medical Devices**: Tremor compensation in surgical instruments

**Core Insight**: Whether it's quantum decoherence or mouse jitter, the mathematics of noise suppression remains universal.

---

## 📊 Performance

| Metric | Raw Input | EEDT Filtered |
|--------|-----------|---------------|
| Signal-to-Noise Ratio | Baseline | **+12dB** |
| RMS Error | 3.2 px | **0.8 px** (-75%) |
| Peak Deviation | 8.1 px | **2.3 px** (-72%) |
| Latency | 60ms | **~0ms** (compensated) |
| Update Rate | 60 FPS | **60 FPS** |

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
EEDT-Mouse-Stabilizer/
├── README.md              # This file
├── eedt_final.py          # Silky Edition (Production)
├── demo.png               # Screenshot
└── LICENSE                # MIT License
```

---

## 🛠️ Requirements

- Python 3.7+
- `numpy`
- `tkinter` (included in standard Python)

**No heavy dependencies required!**

---

## 📄 License

MIT License - Feel free to use this in your projects!

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

This demo visualizes how **quantum error correction principles** work in an intuitive, interactive format.
The same mathematical framework used to recover quantum states from noisy measurements is here applied to mouse input.

**Key Insight**: Decoherence in quantum systems and jitter in classical sensors are mathematically identical problems—both require estimating "true state" from "corrupted observations."

Related quantum project: [EEDT-Quantum-Stabilizer](https://github.com/okudat9/EEDT-Quantum-Stabilizer)

---

## 📮 Contact

**Created by 093 - 2026**

For questions, suggestions, or collaboration:
- GitHub Issues: [https://github.com/okudat9/EEDT-Quantum-Stabilizer]
- Email: [o93dice@gmail.com]

---

## 🌟 Star This Repo!

If you find this useful, please give it a ⭐ on GitHub!

---

**EEDT**: Quantum Logic for Classical Noise 🚀

*Proof of Concept: The same math that protects qubits can smooth your mouse.*
